Update telemetry (#84)
SonarSource/sonarlint-vscode: README.md

Copyright 2017-2020 SonarSource.

Licensed under the [GNU Lesser General Public License, Version 3.0](http://www.gnu.org/licenses/lgpl.txt)

## Data and telemetry

> This extension collects usage data and sends it to SonarSource to help improve our products and services. Collection of telemetry is controlled via the setting: "sonarlint.disableTelemetry". Click [here](telemetry-sample.md) to see a sample of the data that are collected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This extension collects usage data and sends it to SonarSource to help improve our products and services. Collection of telemetry is controlled via the setting: `sonarlint.disableTelemetry`. Click [here](telemetry-sample.md) to see a sample of the data that are collected.
```

Copyright 2017-2020 SonarSource.

Licensed under the [GNU Lesser General Public License, Version 3.0](http://www.gnu.org/licenses/lgpl.txt)

## Data and telemetry

> This extension collects usage data and sends it to SonarSource to help improve our products and services. Collection of telemetry is controlled via the setting: "sonarlint.disableTelemetry". Click [here](telemetry-sample.md) to see a sample of the data that are collected.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This extension collects anonymous usage data and sends it to SonarSource to help improve SonarLint functionality.  No source code nor IP address is collected, and SonarSource does not share the data with anyone else. Collection of telemetry is controlled via the setting: "sonarlint.disableTelemetry". Click [here](telemetry-sample.md) to see a sample of the data that are collected.
```
